So, guys, now continuing from the previous lecture we do now, let us discuss what is the problem
you can face if you design your library in this way so you can see your application doxies the source
Wildwoods is trying to access.
So in your application doxie file, what if somebody tries to reinvent the wheel and try to write his
own note in session called in his application, which could be buggy?
It simply means that in your application doxy file, a developer could attempt to write his own version
of lintels note in social function.
So in the first place, why is he reinventing the wheel when Linklaters and such function is already
provided?
And the second problem is that that the linked list and social function that the developer is going
to write in his application dot seesaws file could be buggy.
It may not work well.
So you have developer was able to introduce a bug because he was a spoiled child.
Why?
He was a spoiled child because he was trying to write a code in his application doxies was wild, which
he is not supposed to write.
He had the privileges to all the worlds of the library.
Now, what is the world here?
The world here is that internal members of the linked list, not data structure.
Right.
That is Nords member and he exploded them because he did not know how to use this wealth wisely.
We assume that the developer had introduced a bug while writing his own version of Linklaters insertion
code in his application, Doxie Sourcefire.
And he was able to introduce the bug because he had all the access to the internal members of the node
of a link listed a structure.
So to prevent this problem, if we take the access of all the wealth from this spoiled developer, the
developer will not be able to misuse of the wealth.
Why he would not be able to make the misuse of this wealth because he do not have an access to the wealth
in the first place.
Now, let me translate this analogy to the problem that we are discussing here.
If we restrict the access of the North's internal members in application DOT Seesaws file, that nobody
shall be able to write any new code which requires access to the Nords internal members.
Right.
It means that in application doxie source file, if you try to access the internal members of the new
data structure, you will get the compilation error if you try to compile application tazi source file.
Right, not only that, you cannot even use size of operator on the load data structure, sorry, this
is this data structure that is linked list, not under scooty.
So not only not having access to the internal members of the Lord of a linked list, you cannot even
call the size of operator to know the size of the Lord of the linked list.
The only thing that the developer is allowed to do is to make use of the public APIs, which is provided
by this high profile.
Other than that, we are taking away all the privileges from the developer, from having any direct
access to any internal members of our data structures.
In this case, our data structure is nothing, but it is a node of a link list.
If we take away access to all the internal members of our data structure, the developer will never
be in a position to write any new code in his application doxie source file.
So now the question is how to achieve it, how to prevent the developer from having access to the Internet.
Members of our data structures, but at the same time, the developer should be able to create a node
of a linked list and perform the operations on these more of a linked list using public APIs exposed
by this header file.
So the solution is we achieve it using opaque pointers.